Mom, hurry up
madam
I think your mother doesn't want to save you at all.
Where did you find this hemp?
It can't be fake, can it?
Shut up. The Zhang family has nothing to do with my mother
As long as you let him go
I can roll you
What are you in a hurry?
Your mom hasn't chosen yet
Madam, you don't want to kneel, do you?
He's the biological daughter you've been looking for for 20 years
I heard you would do anything for him
Why is it so hard to kneel?
Big brother shouldn't really let you be right, right?
It's all a fake
Haha shut up
You all shut up
Mom, leave me alone, go away
No way.
My money and gestures are still in the room
I can't be exposed
As long as you spare my daughter
I am willing to kneel and kowtow to you
Mom, kneel here, okay?
Now now you can let us go
What a mother-daughter relationship, it's a pity
Zhang Yunji, you made my wife separated
How could I let you go so easily?